it's a high god knife what do you do
that's fine yeah bitch or throw a ball
back up on this to chow
oh my this guy's
hi you pansy and straight-up nice faggot
trumpet Rowand his sniper rifles Armand
Electra she is not like way to tan what
oh fuck I hate when you look somewhere
and no one is there oh my gosh get out
of here Annie behind you what
hello David Vonderhaar and he was like
net post backers and then it's Alex the
street up life is absolutely carrying
our team or anything oh
straight up like if you don't prestige
I'm gonna hydrate oh my god the first
time oh oh you did hey Starfire - oh I'm
gonna see sure I almost killed yes I got
nice